on the test we have asha 311 sorry
touch budget phones from
nokia companies
he has a nice design
three inch capacitive display with
protective gorilla glass
support wifi and 3 same cost 130
dollars
this he attracted our attention besides
phone itself in the package
wired headset charger included
old model memory card
2 gigabyte manual
User in Ukrainian
warranty card + micro usb cord
asha 311 body is made of plastic
edging around the camera eye and insert
under the touch screen made of metal
metal strip separates the top
part of the phone from white glossy
plastic from the bottom matte sand
colors
build quality good no squeak
backlash nokia introduced phone asha
311 in several colors
external device looks enough
solid and therefore not interesting
only youth but also a mature audience
dimensions are 100,652 by 12 9
millimeters and the weight is only 95 grams per
Right side face is a button
volume control and key
screen lock for clicking which
need a little effort to move
the buttons are pretty tight on the left side
lanyard
most functional elements
rendered at the top end port microusb
35 mm headset input
also a charger connector on
front panel under the touch screen
there are two small physical buttons
take challenge
both are quite comfortable a little lower
microphone holes
on nokia conversational speakers
proximity sensor
on the back of the peephole 3
2 megapixel camera and under
metal insert slot external
speaker under a removable cover nokia asha
311 housed battery SIM card slot
and for micro sd memory cards
the phone is equipped with a 3-inch capacitive
touch screen which is covered
glass gorilla voice screen resolution
is only 240 by 400 points to our
view the display brightness is enough and
here is the clarity lacking viewing angles
medium phone sensor responsive not
call on touch he answers
sometimes not on first try of a 311
equipped with a wenge and hertz processor
on arm11 chip she has 128 megabytes
RAM and 256 built-in
which the user is available about 120
it can be expanded with maps
micro sd format up to
32 gigabyte phone fast enough
works with even the most resource-intensive
applications like browsers or toys
The device is equipped with wi-fi modules and
bluetooth 3 to kHz and and 21 with support and
Dr. slot for memory cards are located
uncomfortable it is under the battery
that is, to install the card you need it
shoot and without
reboot can not do asha 311
equipped with a battery capacity of 1110
milliampere hours at about two hours
conversations a day is quite active
using the camera and listening
music device will easily hold out three
of the day it's a good result to charge
phone can be like using a charger
devices so and through usb cable time
full charge about 3 hours camera
here is 3 2 megapixels maximum
The resolution of the photo is 2048 at 1536
image quality is far from perfect but
as for 130 dollars is quite decent
no flash and autofocus and quick
camera access buttons video is written in
640 by 480 resolution
sound quality in both speakers us
pleased the phone supports 17 audio
formats
and also has a fm receiver with rds among
pre-installed applications asha 311
note browser radio card organizer
music player camera gallery
alarm clock calculator mail recorder
radio video player and others also
there are built-in social clients
networks vkontakte facebook and enough
many games as output
to tell
311 model 1 of the asha line which
got a capacitive display perhaps it
main advantage 130 dollars
phone along with great design
small in size and weight long
battery life and support
3g
Of course, there were no flaws
smooth of them is not particularly responsive
display sensors as well as medium
it has no built-in camera capabilities
neither autofocus flash